[Clock] A new component to decouple applications from the system clock (#46715)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Clock/README.md

Clock Component
===============

> Symfony Clock enables decoupling applications from the system clock.

Reviewer: we add some code snippet to the README for new components, replacing the component docs IIRC

Author: README updated

Author: README updated

Clock Component
===============

> Symfony Clock enables decoupling applications from the system clock.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Symfony Clock decouples applications from the system clock.
```

Clock Component
===============

Symfony Clock enables decoupling applications from the system clock.

Getting Started
---------------

```
$ composer require symfony/clock
```

```php
use Symfony\Component\Clock\NativeClock;
use Symfony\Component\Clock\TimeInterface;

> class MyClockSensiticeClass

Reviewer: s/Sensitice/Sensitive I guess, same l37 below

Author: fixed thanks
